Iks 1.3 docs (#2660)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/distributions/ibm/deploy/install-kubeflow-on-iks.md

If you're experiencing issues during the installation because of conflicts on your Kubeflow deployment, you can [uninstall Kubeflow](/docs/ibm/deploy/uninstall-kubeflow) and install it again.

## Single user

For single user installation we can either use `kfctl` or `kustomize` + `kubectl`

> ### Using kfctl

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Using kfctl
```

If you're experiencing issues during the installation because of conflicts on your Kubeflow deployment, you can [uninstall Kubeflow](/docs/ibm/deploy/uninstall-kubeflow) and install it again.

## Single user

For single user installation we can either use `kfctl` or `kustomize` + `kubectl`

### Using kfctl

Run the following commands to set up and deploy Kubeflow for a single user without any authentication.

> **Note**: By default, Kubeflow deployment on IBM Cloud uses the [Kubeflow pipeline with the Tekton backend](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfp-tekton#kubeflow-pipelines-with-tekton).

> If you want to use the Kubeflow pipeline with the Argo backend, modify and uncomment the `argo` and `kfp-argo` applications

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to use the Kubeflow pipeline with the Argo backend, modify and uncomment the `kfp-argo` applications
```

# Set the configuration file to use, such as:
export CONFIG_FILE=kfctl_ibm.yaml

> export CONFIG_URI="https://github.com/IBM/manifests/blob/v1.3/distributions/kfdef/kfctl_ibm.v1.3.0.yaml"

Reviewer 3: it will respond HTML content if using this URL. please use this URL:

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/IBM/manifests/v1.3/distributions/kfdef/kfctl_ibm.v1.3.0.yaml

* **${KF_DIR}** - The full path to your Kubeflow application directory.

<hr/>

> ### Using kustomize + kubectl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using kustomize together with kubectl
```

> 1. Clone the manifest repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone the manifest repo as follows:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

> 1. Clone the manifest repo
> 
> ```
> git clone git@github.com:kubeflow/manifests.git
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone the manifest repo:

```
git clone git@github.com:kubeflow/manifests.git
```
```

> 2. Checkout `v1.3-branch`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Checkout `v1.3-branch`:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

git checkout v1.3-branch
```

> 3. Create a folder at the root folder. Create a `kustomiation.yaml` file in that folder.

Reviewer: Typo fix:

```suggestion
3. Create a folder in the root folder and create a new `kustomization.yaml` file in that folder:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

mkdir ibm
cd ibm
touch kustomization.yaml
```

> 4. Populate the `kustomization.yaml` file with the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Populate the `kustomization.yaml` file with the following:
```

# KFServing
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/kfserving
# Katib
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/katib
# Central Dashboard (required)
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/centraldashboard/single-user
# Admission Webhook (required)
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/admission-webhook
# Notebook Controller
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/notebook-controller
# Jupyter Web App
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/jupyter-web-app/insecure
# Profiles + KFAM (required)
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/profiles
# Volumes Web App
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/volumes-web-app/insecure
# Tensorboards Web App
-  ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/tensorboard-controller
# Tensorboard Controller
-  ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/tensorboard-web-app/insecure
# TFJob Operator
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/tf-job
# Pytorch Operator
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/pytorch-job
# MPI Operator
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/mpi-job
# MXNet Operator
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/mxnet-job
# XGBoost Operator
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/xgboost-job

> ```

Reviewer 3: I would hope we can keep these code in a git repo instead docs. I remembered it can be saved under stacks folder or distribution specific repo like kubeflow-dojo, it's going to be hard for users like me to copy&paste code from a doc

Author: I have the docs under `ibm/manifests` But until we have these merged back to `kubeflow/manifest` we would have to ask people to clone `ibm/manifests` instead. Which might be ok too. Asking for @Tomcli opinion

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can have a page to teach how to use kustomize and what components are available for kustomize on Kubeflow. Then we can move these stuff to that new page.

Reviewer 2: installing kustomize 3.2 for Kubeflow is also a difficult task for regular users especially when they have to downgrade their kustomize

Author: i have that documented.

Reviewer 2: given there's a lot of redundancy on this kustomization.yaml, probably is a good idea to host it on a github repo.

> > Not all the component are required for running kubeflow. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Not all the components are required to run Kubeflow. 
```

> 5. You can apply the kustomize file from the root of the repositor.

Reviewer: Typo fix:

```suggestion
5. You can apply the `kustomize` file from the root of the repository:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

kustomize build -f ibm/kustomization.yaml | kubectl apply -f -
```

> There might be errors the first time we run the command. We can also run this in a while loop until success.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may see errors after the first time you run the command. You can run the following while loop until you are successful.
```

```
while ! kustomize build ibm | kubectl apply -f -; do echo "Retrying to apply resources"; sleep 10; done
```

> ### Access your cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Accessing your cluster
```

> The Kubeflow endpoint is exposed with [NodePort](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#nodeport) 30380. If you don't have any experience on Kubernetes, you can [expose the Kubeflow endpoint as a LoadBalancer](#expose-the-kubeflow-endpoint-as-loadbalancer) and access the **EXTERNAL_IP**.

Reviewer: Suggestion:

- `30380` (with back ticks)

What does "If you don't have any experience on Kubernetes" mean in this context?

Author: That sentence was here from before. I will update it with something different.

> For single user Kubeflow we use Dex authentication by default. Access the cluster with the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For single-user Kubeflow, IBM Cloud uses Dex authentication by default. You can access the cluster as follows:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

application in AppID and manages user authentication with builtin identity
providers (Cloud Directory, SAML, social log-in with Google or Facebook etc.) or
custom providers.

> ### Prerequisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Prerequisites
```

> For authentication we use [IBM Cloud AppID](https://cloud.ibm.com/catalog/services/app-id)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For authentication,  IBM Cloud uses [AppID](https://cloud.ibm.com/catalog/services/app-id)
```

> 1. Follow the [Creating an App ID service instance on IBM Cloud](https://cloud.ibm.com/catalog/services/app-id) guide for Kubeflow authentication. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow the [Creating an App ID service instance on IBM Cloud](https://cloud.ibm.com/catalog/services/app-id) guide to learn about Kubeflow authentication. 
```

You can also learn [how to use App ID](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/appid?topic=appid-getting-started) with different authentication methods.

2. Follow the [Registering your app](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/appid?topic=appid-app#app-register) section of the App ID guide
to create an application with type _regularwebapp_ under the provisioned AppID
instance. Make sure the _scope_ contains _email_. Then retrieve the following
configuration parameters from your AppID:
    * `clientId`
    * `secret`
    * `oAuthServerUrl`

>     We will be using these information in the subsequent sections.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You will be using these information in the subsequent sections.  
```

    kubectl get pod -n kubeflow
    ```

> 5. We create a configmap `oidc-authservice-parameters` and a secret `oidc-authservice-client` in the `istio-system` namespace that holds the info needed by the `authservice`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Create a configmap `oidc-authservice-parameters` and a secret `oidc-authservice-client` in the `istio-system` namespace that holds the information needed by the `authservice`.
```

We will be updating these to match our `appid` service created in the [Prereq](#prerequisites-1) step. 

> These are the values we will need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need the following values:

```

# KFServing
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/kfserving
# Katib
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/katib
# Central Dashboard (required)
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/centraldashboard/multi-user
# Admission Webhook (required)
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/admission-webhook
# Notebook Controller
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/notebook-controller
# Jupyter Web App
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/jupyter-web-app/insecure
# Profiles + KFAM (required)
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/profiles
# Volumes Web App
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/volumes-web-app/insecure
# Tensorboards Web App
-  ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/tensorboard-controller
# Tensorboard Controller
-  ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/tensorboard-web-app/insecure
# TFJob Operator
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/tf-job
# Pytorch Operator
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/pytorch-job
# MPI Operator
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/mpi-job
# MXNet Operator
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/mxnet-job
# XGBoost Operator
- ../distributions/stacks/ibm/application/xgboost-job

> ```

Reviewer 3: I suggest keeping this `kustomization.yaml` from doc into this folder: https://github.com/kubeflow/manifests/tree/master/distributions/stacks/ibm

2. Update the secret `appid-application-configuration` with the updated Kubeflow FQDN to replace `<kubeflow-FQDN>` in below command:

```SHELL
export REDIRECT_URL=https://<kubeflow-FQDN>/login/oidc
export PATCH=$(printf '{"data": {"REDIRECT_URL": "%s"}}' $REDIRECT_URL)

kubectl patch configmap appid-application-configuration -n istio-system -p=$PATCH
```

3. Restart the pod `authservice-0`:

```shell

> kubectl delete po authservice -n istio-system

Reviewer 3: shall we keep `kubectl rollout restart statefulset authservice -n istio-system`?

Author: for some reason. rollout was not creating a new pod. the easiest way i found it picking up the cm and secret changes was to delete the pod. I can investigate more about rollout restart.
